He is currently 69 years old, entered politics for the first time at the age of 43, has 26 years of political experience, served as a six-term member of the National Assembly, and is a former party leader and current Minister of Education . He is the person who created the Bureau for the Protection of Church Rights and directly manages all related matters and authorities. He is a person who uses outspoken language and speaking style in public, and is a cider at best and ruthless at worst. For this reason, he has a large support base, enough to be called the next presidential candidate because he clearly represents the feelings of the people, and at the same time, he is the politician most avoided by reporters.

As a result, you may think that he only has a role as a conductor within the webtoon, but he is also an important figure in maintaining a neutral stance by providing appropriate explanations to avoid controversy over whether this webtoon justifies or advocates corporal punishment.

## digression
- In a way, he is a man with a stronger mentality than Na Hwa-jin. When Na Hwa-jin became a man out of frustration after the death of his lover, he did not get frustrated even though he lost his beloved daughter. Rather, he set up a plan for the Church Rights Protection Bureau to prevent the tragedy that his daughter experienced from happening again, and pushed for Na Hwa-jin, who had become a ruined man, to be recruited into the Church Rights Protection Bureau. This shows that he is a man whose mental strength is not a joke. Even after hearing about the true identity of Jo Gyu-cheol and GY, he gets even more angry than Na Hwa-jin, loses his senses, and is the type of person who should not be bothered to tear them to death, but on the contrary, he stays calm and scolds Na Hwa-jin by saying that without you , there would be no church authority. He clicks his tongue and tears up Na Hwa-jin's resignation letter in front of his eyes, and even calmly says that he will do everything in his power to crush them. It is clear that Choi Kang-seok is the best. Even though he really wants to kill Jo Gyu-cheol to save his reputation as the head of the Church Authority, he really does not have an ordinary mentality. In fact, this level of steely mentality is something that politicians in real life also display very commonly, so it can be said that they have done a good job of examining reality. The problem is that real-life politicians only use their steely mentality in a negative way.
- In episode 62, there is a scene in Na Hwa-jin's flashback where he teaches her League of Legends, and he seems to know LoL to some extent. For your information, Na Hwa-jin was criticized by a fellow teammate because she was far from playing games and computers.
- As mentioned earlier, he was in the same party as Ryu Gwang-pil, a comrade in the student movement, before leaving the party, and considering his recollection that he was dissatisfied with the brainwashing education by the military regime, it is highly likely that he is a democratic or progressive person unless he changed to get along with Ryu Gwang-pil . However, looking at his stance in the nature of the Church Rights Protection Bureau and the Yang Sang-hee incident, it can be inferred that he is definitely a conservative in the education direction. Despite this, it is surprising that he is the next strongest candidate for the presidency. Or, since the world view of true education is different from reality, it may be a populist tendency that carries out radical centrist policies regardless of whether they are progressive or conservative.