Appearing in s2, ep.112. A sophomore student of Jaeyun High School of class 3. Has a father and mother.

In the past, before Yujeong transferred to her school, she witnessed her and her friend committing school violence. She ignores this and after Yujeong arrived, she was bullied so cruelly. Was given Yujeong's phone by the girl herself and tried to screenshot but she couldn't. Thus she couldn't get any clear evidence. She asked her why she was doing this but she simply says she love it as she lick her tears. After this, she posted her revelation online of the truth of Yujeong since she became a popular idol. Although the posts were quite detailed and there were posts that agreed with her based on what they had witnessed, she got backlash from Yujeong's fans, and even her personal information was also revealed. She was harmed in real life and threatend by her fans.

At the present, she vomits from the sight and hearing of her. Then at night, she was bulllied by nerds just as Junbin arrived to tell her he will help her situation. However, he coldy asked if she did the post out of revenge instead of going for actual help. She cries and explains that her actions was a way to live as she can't stand her trauma of seeing Yujeong's fake smile. At a cafe, Junbin explains if she can't get any evidence, then they are at a disadvantage and it would make her a criminal. Dejected, she run away. She sees a truck and attempted suicide but she was saved by Yujeong. She licked her tears again and thanks for boosting her image.

The next day, the false sympathy video paints Eunjin to a bad light and was soon called to the office which she is given a lawsuit by Jinwook unless she apologize. She was going to but Junbin arrives to reveal the photo he has is false. Much later, she meets Yujeong so she agologize to her but she creates a trap againt Eunjin to make her emotionally assault her but the TRPA already caught her. At the end, when Junbin, unable to control his anger, grabs Yujeong's neck and thinks of killing her, Eunjin stops him and says, "Honestly, I don't want to receive an apology, and what the victim wants is not a reformation or an apology, but a reasonable punishment that is neither too little nor too much." . Afterwards, she left after giving a thank you letter to Junbin.

Later, she was targeted and beaten by Mari's TRPA challenge. Was hospitalized but assures Hwajin to not be concern that they were assaulted due to the challenge.