Hyangmi Yeo is a major antagonist in season 1 of Get Schooled. She is a woman and targets female runaway teenagers for her Helper organization and use them as prostitutes

She ranaway from home when she was 15 from her abusive father and became a runaway and experienced many bad sexual actions. She lost her tooth by being hit by someone.

Currently, when she was sleeping, she caught Yunjeong attempting to escape, told her she has no choice to live with her and is beaten. A bit later, she looks through her phone and finds Yeri and soon meets her. She drives her to the house while revealed that Yunjeong is with her when Yeri asked. Once there, she and the otheres tried to persuade Yeri to lower her guard while making food which was laced with drugs. Afterwards, she and Seolyoung talked about their further plans to use girls for prostitution when they hear a commotion inside.

They see Yeri defeated their members and attempts to stop her. Hyangmi caused reinforcements just before being tasered. Just then, other girls arrived and help her. After Yeri and Hanlim escape, she was furious. She then focus on making money, even if by using middle school girls that may die from work since she could keep living. Next day, while shopping she was informed by Seolyeong that half of their runaway left.

She was furious and also revealed she used up all of the money she had for luxury when Seolyeong asked about the money. She then message every runaway that she will expose where they are living to their parents. She beats Yunjeong but she pulls out a knife to kill her. She fearfully run away only to meet Yeri and Hanlim and is knocked out. However, she reveals she sent the text to the runaway's parents but it didn't work. Once at the TRPA shelter, she kicks Yunjeong's father when he reminded her of her own father. Then she spouts that it is funny that despite how terribly she treats her own runaway, they prefer to be with her then their parents.

She then looks at the consent form and says it won't do any change. She suggest the agreement is changed into notice as she belives that the children should have the choice to abandon their parents, not ordered by the government. Soon she was arrested while was confused when Yeri says she will see her later. She is eventually sent to prison and is assigned to the same cell of Yujeong & Yeri. She explains she gets a 3 years & 6 months sentence for forced prostitution. She was surprised to see Yeri here and is forced by Yunjeong to wipe the floor with her tongue.