Appearing in s2, ep.125. 49 years old. She forces her dream onto her son. Which is now to be a doctor. This is because she was average in everything from an average university and a marriage. She got tired of it and wants her son to succeed way better. As she too was slacking of her studies.

She comes out and gives medicine to Hyeonmin, who is studying until 3 a.m. When Hyeonmin collapses and lies down from school, she tries to take him home, but is stopped by Hwajin and is even told by the doctor not to take this medicine. She tells him to study even at hospital but he wants the medicine. So they went home but he overdoses and thinks he would be fine. Then Hwajin breaks in as they see Hyeonmin harming himself. Even then, she scolds him for not able to study.

She continues to behave viciously, such as not recognizing her misaction to use the medication as Hyeonmin cannot function normally. She ends ends up being locked in the study room by Hwajin to take mock exams just like her son but kept failing. After completing the test, Hwajin asks her to get over 50 points this time, and she threatens that she must go to Hyeonmin with a knife. Hwajin says that this is Hyeonmin's future and convinces her to stop now if she doesn't want to end up dead or other worse conditions.

Hwajin continues to argue that it is because her parents did not educate her and that she wanted her children to be more successful. He was able to convince her to stop. Eventually, she comes to the hospital where Hyeonmin is admitted. She wakes up and asks Hyeonmin to tell her what he wants to do other than medical school. After putting him to sleep, she is seen shedding tears.