He is a character in the Naver webtoon True Education and one of the new supervisors of the Office for the Protection of Teachers' Rights, who joined Lee Jun-bin right after he quit. He is a mixed-race white man from Manhattan, New York. The code name is Young Noble.

## course of action 
In episode 112, he appeared briefly as an interviewee, but he only said that he would work hard if selected, and the results were not revealed, but he made an official appearance in episode 130 as being at Cheongju International Airport.[3] In episode 131, he appears calmly blocking a fist swung by Goo Sera, who was angry at people from other departments who ignored him because he was a high school graduate. He will be in charge of the red case case together with Hwajin and I.

Afterwards, while driving to the site with Na Hwa-jin, he reads the documents in the file and laments how cruel it is. Accordingly, she asks Na Hwa-jin, "Do you still think you can do what you said during the interview?" and the content of the interview is revealed:

> Daniel Hyun: I am a non-violent person. Human malice must have its source. If you suppress it with violence, you cannot root it out. If you elect me, I will try to lead in a different way than you.
Na Hwa-jin : It can’t be resolved through violence, that’s right. That's ideal. But most of the cases we take on go beyond the usual categories. No way, I have to say it in words... You don't mean to say something like that, right?
 Daniel Hyun: I grew up in one of the most notorious slums in America. Violence, discrimination, drugs, murder... I have lived with human malice every day since I was young. That's why I want to approach human malice in my own way.

As the flashback ends, he reveals that his thoughts have not changed and begins his mission.

The place where the incident occurred is a rural alternative school called Dowon Gyeongdang, which is similar to a village school, and Hyeon goes undercover as a native English teacher. In the case summary, the informant focuses on the child named Lee Soo-chan, whom the informant asked to be rescued. However, seeing that Soo-chan is much brighter than expected and has the highest rank among the students, assuming that Dowon Kyungdang's mess has not been corrected, Lee Soo-chan becomes the perpetrator. I guessed that he would be a victim, and that guess turned out to be correct. He appears in front of Soo-chan, who is about to urinate in the mouth of another student in the bathroom, and stops him. Soo-chan says it was just a joke, but Hyeon responds by saying, “The people who bullied you in the past would have said that too. How did you feel when you heard that?” Hyeon is called to the director who came to visit after hearing the commotion and reveals that bullying appears to be occurring among the children under the leadership of Lee Soo-chan. However, of course, the director starts by saying that if adults interfere in the children's affairs, the situation will get worse, and that he is the law and scripture here, and that they must follow his words unconditionally and that if they don't like it, they should leave this place.

The next day, he asks Na Hwa-jin, who came to pick up his luggage, for advice, saying that it would be very difficult for him to get involved in the incident. Then, she began by having Na Hwa-jin leave the director for 2-3 days, and by having a native English teacher, she told the director that she would give support funds to Dowon-gyeong Party, thereby expanding the radius of action of her prefecture. give.

While the director is away, Hyun handcuffs the arms of Soo-chan, the main perpetrator, and gags him to prevent him from wielding power. Then, in Dowon Kyungdang, the bullying between students disappears, and as a special service, Hyun only removes Soo-chan's handcuffs and gives her back her cell phone, allowing her to write down what she wanted to say on her phone. Then, when Suchan spoke only about the loss of his authority, the management of the residents, and the director, Hyeon even removed Suchan's gag, saying, "I will give you just one chance, so contact the person you want to see the most." Soo-chan then contacted his mother, but her mother had already changed her contact information. Hyun, who was listening to this from the side, is embarrassed and realizes the meaning of Soo-chan's words, "I have nowhere to go anyway."

Meanwhile, the director, who has returned home, kicks the back of Soo-chan's head, where she was sitting, knocking her down, and says to Hyeon, "I told you not to give cell phones to children, but what I said didn't seem right." Then, Hyun gets angry and begins to openly rage against the director's evil deeds, such as kicking his child. At this time, because he spoke informally, the director told him, who was his senior, to speak briefly and disobey him, so he should pack his bags immediately, but he could not cut the strings due to Na Hwa-jin, who happened to be following him. That night, Hyeon talks about Na Hwa-jin and Suchan across the wall. Once in the perpetrator's shoes, he reveals that the motivation for Soo-chan's evil deeds is that the trauma of his violence is deeper than expected and that there seems to be a contradiction in the fact that such a child inflicts merciless violence on others. Na Hwa-jin said that since Hyeon had done a lot of training here, he would leave it to him to complete the future work, but said, "It is not wrong to say that the perpetrator may have something to do with it, but from the victim's point of view, it is just as beggar." He poses the question, “There is no such thing as sympathizing with the perpetrator, right?”

The next day, while teaching English to children outdoors, Hyun is dumbfounded when he sees the director taking pictures to be used as reporting material for the Ministry of Education. After the director took all the photos to submit as a formality, he was very embarrassed when he instructed the children to dig a 1 meter vacant lot to create a pond. The director asked them to play chess together, but he helped them for the time being. However, he expressed doubts as to whether it would be okay to ask children to do such work. The director responded by saying, "This is also a form of training," and "These days, the younger generation like MZ doesn't want to do hard work. “It’s because we don’t know anything else, and the students here will learn cooperation much earlier than others, so they will become great talents who will be recognized by any organization that cares for the whole rather than for themselves.”[5] Of course, Hyun doesn't agree with that, but he hides it and worries about the backlash from parents, but the director responds by saying that since most of the students in his charge are children who have been abandoned by their parents, it won't be a problem to deal with them somehow. This makes Hyun think for a moment about the situation in which he found out that Soo-chan had been abandoned by his parents. Meanwhile, when a resident injures himself by accidentally hitting his ankle with a shovel while working, he immediately runs out and asks the director if there is a vehicle he can use to transport him to the hospital. The director, of course, says that it will heal after bandaging, so he tells her to lie down behind him, and then starts hitting Su-chan with a shovel. Looking at this situation, Hyun clearly realizes that the root of Soo-chan's evil deeds is joint responsibility and the resulting vicious cycle of violence. The director assaults Soo-chan and gives Hyun a shovel to tell him to manage the kids like he did, but Hyun smashes the shovel right next to the director and says he will hit the native English teacher at Dowon Kyungdang. The director will not be able to receive support funds if Hyeon is not at his school, so he hurriedly gives Hyeon his car keys. Hyun goes to a nearby hospital with the injured child and Suchan.

After putting the child in the hospital, he says that the food at Dowon Gyeongdang was very poor, so he asks Suchan if he wants to eat anything and takes him to eat Gyeongyang-style pork cutlet. Hyun had only seen Japanese-style pork cutlet and was amazed at the appearance of Gyeongyang-style pork cutlet. Soo-chan said that because of his fluent Korean, he thought he had lived in Korea for a long time. Hyeon then briefly reveals his past history, saying that he had not had any good experiences in his hometown, the United States, so he studied Korean diligently to escape the country. Soo-chan talks about his past, growing up in a single-mother household due to divorce, and how his mother later abandoned him to Dowon-gyeong Party. Soo-chan reveals that he wants to get out of Dowon Gyeongdang just like Hyun wanted to get out of America, but Hyun firmly says that that is an excuse. However, at the same time, if Su-chan wants, he offers a helping hand, saying that he will be able to escape Dowongyeong-dang along with other students.

Hyeon simply meant to help Ha Won, but Suchan arbitrarily seeks revenge on the children and the director. However, among the children that Suchan led, there was a lot of resentment built up against him, so they lynched Suchan like the director. In the meantime, Hyun was waiting for the children in the car, but he felt something was strange and went directly to Dowon Gyeongdang to stop the children who were trying to bury Suchan and the director alive. Afterwards, when Suchan, who was past the age of being a juvenile, was brought to trial, a written opinion was submitted stating that there was no adult who should have properly guided Suchan, so that he could be sent to the juvenile department.

As a result of the trial, an article was published criticizing the Church Authority for taking the side of the perpetrator, and Na Hwa-jin apologized, saying that she had brought shame on the Church Authority for her arbitrary actions. Since the prefect is in a probationary period, we ask him about his motivation for applying to the clergy in order to decide whether to elect him or not. Hyun then reveals his past, saying that if they hear about it, they probably won't want to bring it to the Church Authority.

## past
As a child, he grew up in a slum and suffered all kinds of violence as a child because he was a white and Asian mixed race. Nevertheless, violence on the streets was patient, but the domestic violence that his father wielded to him and his mother could not stand it. He continued to hate such a father and eventually shot his father as a gun. Fortunately, the bullet was defeated by the bullet, and the father saved his life.[10] So, the mother and mother could escape from the father, but the mother of the prefecture said that since then, he has been away from the string and no longer talks to him.

Hyeon says that if he hadn't shot his father, he and his mother might have been killed by his father someday. He doesn't regret his actions, but he sometimes thinks that if he had responded in a different way than violence, the estrangement between him and his mother might not have occurred. . As such, he had no good memories of his hometown, the United States, and his dream was to one day leave the United States and go to Korea, his mother's hometown. He may be fluent in Korean, but he says it's because he studied relentlessly to go to Korea.

His identity is revealed in episode 228, and he turns out to be the successor to the largest mafia organization in the American slums. After shooting his father and his mother leaving home in shock, the present-day Daniel appears in front of the past and present Daniel, who is rummaging through trash cans. He gives him some decent food and takes him away, saying that he will teach him how to survive since it is rare for a man to have enough power to shoot his father. In the very next episode, his past as a member of the mafia, where he was able to come to Korea, is also revealed through a conversation with David Han, a colleague from his time in the mafia.

As soon as the mayor supported by the mafia family he belonged to was elected, a special force was deployed to destroy the organization, and Hyun Daniel, who was in a foreign country on another mission, went into hiding and came to Korea, where the influence of the mafia was the least. In the past, he was ordered to kill David Han, but he pretended to kill him and let him live. Thanks to that, he was able to avoid being killed by David Han, who had received orders from Park Heun-am. David Han said he would return the favor and gave him the address where Daniel's biological mother lives.

## combat power
First of all, he is a non-violent person, so he is not shown fighting properly, but in episode 125 before the revision, he easily blocked the fist of the main assailant, who said he had never lost in strength, with one hand, and in episode 131 after the revision, he easily blocked a fist quickly swung by Goo Sera with one hand without a change in his expression. It appears that he possesses sufficient skills to protect himself.

