Appearing in s1, ep.35. Seungyeon High School basketball team member. A top assister. Younger sister of Suyeon. Has a mother.

A sort of spoiled girl as since she is the younger sister of Suyeon, she didn't need to do hard training. Then she bunk in with Eunha and make her do errands. When Eunha refused, she threatens her with a knife which Eunha retaliated. In retaliation, she lied to Suyeon that Eunha was a bad person. However, this give Suyeon the chance to get rid of Eunha. So they bullied, and make her do errand for them. Later were selected for the national teams.

When Eunha was going to expose them, they lock her in a locker. After a play against Kangyang University and an interview, they meet with Eunha and threatens her again. Later, when Hanlim is coach, she noticed how weaker they are instead of Eunha. She and her sister beats Eunha and almost breaks her arm until Hanlim appears. They tried to gang up on Hanlim but were subdued.

In retaliation, they make a fake beating shown on Suyeon's face and spread it to the internet to take down Hanlim. However, the contents of her group chat with Eunha were made public and Hanlim revealed her true self. She runs away and was chasing Eunha but the entire students gang up on her to make her apologize. Forced to, she reveals the truth of her sister being the main culprit. She comes to her sister and wanted to fix the situation as she cries. However, Suyeon abandons her as she wants her to take the blame for it all. Jayeon protest as it was her idea but Suyeon assaults her. Forcing her to make the false apology video. However, after her sister was exposed, they were stripped of her national team and is being sent to juvie for assasult.