GY 's Chief of Staff and second in command.

## course of action
The existence of Lee Jong- hyuk was hinted at in episode 99 , and in episode 111, Jo Gyu-cheol mentioned his staff. Lee Jong-hyuk mentioned that since his staff member was in charge of the Church Authority, he laid the blame on the right person and ordered the branch to withdraw. However, Lee Jong-hyuk thought that the Church Authority was too easy-going and did not even think about listening to Ji Yun-gyeol's orders.

Episode 146 First appearance. It appears at the temporary meeting of the National Federation.

In episode 147, he devastated the National Association and came out through the back door, but was discovered by Gu Sera and Hyeon Daniel who were waiting . He tried to join the National Association, but he avoided it, saying he was thrown into the water because he was small and had no tattoos. However, in reality, he went there with Kim Tae-yang and destroyed the organization, taking away all the businesses they owned, and ran away in the car driven by Kim Tae- yang right in front of Na Hwa-jin, who belatedly saw the GY mark on the face of a member of the National Federation and ran out. Na Hwa-jin dodges and catches Na Hwa-jin's fist, who punched her through the car window, and tells her to get out of the car . In turn, he threatens that if she doesn't take her hand out right now, one of her arms will be blown off.

Appeared in 186. In episode 147, it was revealed that the villa was destroyed and used as a GY cottage. It is distributed and dissolved to branches that have been taken from the National Federation . Seo Chang -ho says that he has eaten where he has sold it, and he has no plans for the time being, and he puts a hand to manage well. As a bonus, the president does not know what the country is in prison, and the other person is a state power institution, so if he is wrong, he is stigmatized that the organization that has just started expanding may fly.

However, his meticulousness in being cautious of state power agencies as described above led him to carry out a crazy plan to lure the clerical authorities to his former residence and then annihilate them with a bomb attack. Obviously, as described above, killing a recognized organization called the Church Authority is an act of insanity that seeks to transform GY from a simple gangster organization into an anti-state terrorist , and you don't even have to watch the video to see that it will face a miserable future as it is firmly condemned by the government and military. However, it laughed off such crazy atrocities as if it were the perfect and best plan with no flaws or consequences, and even boasted about the ridiculous stupidity of expecting the deaths of members of the Church Authority, which earned it a lot of ridicule from readers. As a second-ranking member of the organization, he was only very cunning, but his basic wisdom and sense of reality were at the bottom. No matter how much he climbed, he was ultimately nothing more than an immature and foolish 17-year -old , the only thing left to do is fall even more scandalously than Seo Chang-ho, who collapsed previously due to unreasonable atrocities.

