Appearing in s1, ep. 72. The head of the village that acts like a cult. He is a vicious village head who wields omnipotent power in the island village and has committed crimes over several decades. Such as murder, extortion, slavery, etc.

When Gyujeong's family arrived, he extorts them of their money if they are living here and forces Hyeseung to their parties to eventually rape her. However, she found out about Whale's abuse and attempts to take her but she escapes. Soon after he drags Hyeseung away when he find her at the station but she escapes and couldn't find her. When Hwajin and Hanlim arrived, they also extort them but Hwajin refuses. Manchun leaves as catching Gyujeong is more important but he wonders why Hwajin was calm. Then he assaults Gyujeong's family by destorying their house but Hwajin intervenes. Then when his nephew explains their snooping, he get suspicious.

Then at the school, he persuades Hanlim to come with him to a fishery while talking about an uproar in the media five years ago saying there were suspicions about the village, from Seoul detectives, investigating his village. Inside the fishery, he confronts her of who she really is. Then he was attacked and interrogates by her until Suncheol arrives and stops her. However, Suncheol let her go which aggravated him but he gets a call of Hwajin messing up his village. At his place, he then plans to kill Hwajin and Hanlim. However, his plan failed as he gets a call from Hwajin. He escapes but find Hyeseung in a storage.

He attempts to kill her but pushing her off into the sea but Whale attacks him. Angered, but was stopped by Hwajin as he reveals he is from the TRPA. He then tells Whale to stop them by using his father via not sending him any more money to the hospital fees. However, when his lie was revealed, he escapes but he was brutally beaten by Suncheol. Afterwards, in the next episode, with his head bandaged and a neck cast on, he is arrested one after another along with his entourage, taken away, and taken off the island.