Appearing in s1, ep.55 Student of Gangyeong High. Has a father and mother..

He is the leader bully of this school. Has total power and bullies everyone he wants, specifically Sangwuk. His bullying was reported to the new committee but they graded it as not severe.

He was then ordered to the special instruction class which was Hanlim Lim. He didn't take her seriously but is hit and choked out for losing the rock, paper, scissor game. However, before he knocks out, he gets lustful being choked. He wakes up with his crew and wanted to retaliate against Sangwuk while wanting to toy with Hanlim more. They ambushed Sangwuk in the elevator but he gets caught by Hanlim and ends up being beaten like crazy on the rooftop and humiliated by getting scratched here and there by Hanlim's shoe heels. He eventually filmed an apology video while kneeling to Sangwook, and the next day, he was mocked by all the students as a school bully, and had to go with his head down.

Afterwards, for the third section, he suddenly quits school and gives up but it wouldn't work and is assaulted by his victims. The next day, he and his friends hold out for two more days until their revenge. However, he and his friends parents came and is exposed of their actions. Sangwuk's mother slaps him and then one of his friends' father beats them up with an iron pipe. His legs were bruised while his mother tends to it. The next day, he thought he would be free once the special education was over, but due to Sangwook's request for a retrial, he was going through it again. He was eventually transferred to another school and was seen kicked out of a gym after transferred. He was ridiculed by those around him and disappeared. His whereabouts after that are unknown.