Appearing in s2, ep.169. The ministry of education Grade 5 Deputy Director. A 32nd gen. of the royal family of Goryeo of the Kaesong Wang clan.

As a child, she was a top and studious girl that was able to become a upper government worker at an early age. Due to this, marriage was rushed. She hopes her child will also have the same gifts as her but was horrified that Hyunjung has so much mental disabilities. She has attempted to be patient and tried to cure him but after two years with no avail. Desperate and tired of being told the exact same thing, she came across K Genius Lab and was gaslit by Seonmyeong to take Hyungjung the wrong path. Later, she discovers the TRPA and hoped they could solve her problem but indirectly. As she starts to waver of the lab.

At the present, due to wanting to go on an early personal vacation, she ordered the TRPA for the report on the national audit 3 days early and left. However, she gets a call from her son's teacher of his violent behavior. She changed her mind without notifiying Hwajin while she was busy dealing with her son's teacher via writing an email. She attends but sees no faults in her son as since they are royalty, they should do as they please and soon give her a list of how to communicate with Hyungjung.

When she gets words of Hyungjung being alone, she confronts and reprimand Minhyun for not following her instructions and how the other classmates made a chat to talk negative of Hyungjung but this only made Minhyun angry due to her selfish attitude. She threatens to have her fired as Hwajin arrives. She leaves as she orders him to investigate Minhyun. However, when she realize Hwajin turn on her, she attempts to reason but to no avail; leaving before giving a warning to him. The next day, they went to the K Genius lab to visit. Then at home, she was drinking and worried of her son just as suddenly he touched her leg. She instinctively kicked him which he responds by bludgeoning her. She wakes up in the hospital with Hwajin by her side.

She was angered to hear Hyungjung is admitted to a psyche hospital without her knowledge. Then Hwajin completly knows that she hoped the TRPA will solve her problem but is not the correct solutions but really from the hospital. She left in anger as Hwajin's words were the same as the others. As she went to the lab, she was horrified to hear that mother is in the same situation as her while hearing Seonmyeong's true personality. Hwajin arrives and shows her she is being fired for her abuse using her position but he is there to help take down Seonmyeong. A bit later, to make sure Seonmyeong goes down with her, she released rumors to the reporters. After, she was suspended for 3 months which ended her career. Then she went back to fix her son but in a normal way through slow progress.