Appearing in s1, ep.27. She is Yeongsu's wife.

Even after her husband's death, she is still suffering as she is seen hugging a photo of Yeongsu and crying. After Yeri Han was arrested and imprisoned, she received letters of repentance sent every day for three months, but it is said that she was trembling with anger when sympathy for Yeri arose in the media. Then one day, after reading Yeri Han's letter, she sends a reply to Cheongju Women's Prison where Yeri Han is imprisoned.

Through her letter, which is written in a calm tone, she explains her feelings about not being able to forgive Yeri Han, and at the same time, she says that her husband, as her educator, would have smiled and forgiven her. She then goes on to make her case that not going down the wrong path and living her life the right way is the true atonement for her husband. First, she appears to have responded to Yeri's comment, "Please don't forgive me," with "I can't forgive you." But she then added that "if her husband had been alive, she would have laughed and forgiven him as an educator," which meant that as she sent her letters every day, she would have thought, "Please forgive me." It can be seen that he indirectly revealed that he accepted her intentions and in fact forgave Han Yeri. And at the end, she concluded with her advice to “live right”, thereby indirectly giving a forgiving response to her assailant, Yeri Han, who did not reject her sincere repentance that she had shown for three months and was considerate of her.

She later appears again in episode 111, where she personally visits Yeri since she continuing to send her letters even when she is told not to. Even though she scolded her as if she didn't know that continuing to send her letters was a kind of cruelty, she said that Yeri Han's sincere reflection tells her that while helping people less fortunate than herself, she no longer looks back on her past. She also announces her intention to invite Yeri to her house, saying that she will prepare a meal for her when she is released from prison, as she has lost contact with her mother.