Yujeong Min is a former minor antagonist in season 2 of Get Schooled. She is a new and popular idol that secretly hides her actions of committing school violence.

In the past, she is a perpetrator of school violence, and she sees Eunjin and asked if she wants in but she refuse. Due to her evil nature, she was transferred to Eunjin's school. She soon bullies Eunjin to an extreme sense and was asked why she kept bullying her but she just says she lovess it as she licks her tears. During this, she knew she would be popular due to her beauty and was chosen an idol for Starlight Girls and had risen high in popuarlity. However, she was failing in basic training as an idol and bullies people to relieve her stress. In order to proceed, she make sure everything won't be an issue.

At the present, when Junbin confronts her with evidence, she refuses and gets visually angry knowing it was Eunjin. After Junbin left, she vehemently denies bullying. Later, she stalks Eunjin as she talks with Junbin. She follows Eunjin and saves her suicide to make her look better. She lick her tears before leaving. She sees Junbin and tells him to leave the case while mingling with her fans. Then at an event, her group make it to 1st place and was given a chance to talk about her recent controversey but was horrified to see Junbin holding an image of her bullying.

She calls all of her friends to confirm if they leaked any but they hadn't. She then tell Leegyung to make a false apology video of herself in exchange of her meeting her favorite idol. Back at the stage, her fans protest against her but her friend's video gain sympathy for her as she was painted as the victim instead. She and her lawyer issued a lawsuit to Eunjin but is dropped unless she apologize to Yujeong. However she is again concerned when Junbin cornered by revealing the photo was a fake but doubles down that she has nothing to do with it.

Later at her agency, she gets extremely angry at her situation as her lawyer brings her back in to not cause her image to be ruined further. Gets more stressed when TRPA kept attacking. She was then called in by the CEO to take a break while saying he believes her. She exits but hears he was lying and was going to cancel her contract. She leaves in the rain while thinking just because she bullied doesn't mean her life should be over. She angrily yell her furstrations as Hwajin and Junbin meets her. She then agrees to apologize to Eunjin but when the time comes, she wasn't going to but want to mend "the misunderstanding." This was her trap to make Eunjin assault her while secretly filming her. However, TRPA caught her plan. Even so, she won't apologize as it means it will be all over.

She talks about how her idiot fans will believe but even if that fails, she will use her looks to get everything she wants for a sucessful life. Suddenly, she is grabbed by the neck and Junbin is going to murder her which she thinks he is lying. He drops her when persuaded by Eunjin. Later, she was forced to transfer out of school, make a video of how her agency spitefully drops her, and is soon arrested. Attempting to not take responsibilty even in her last moments.